Update relevant links in starter (#24073)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/RLC-quickstart.md

# How to write samples

> Samples could make it quicker and easier for customers to use our package. We author TypeScript samples under the `samples-dev` folder. For quick start you can use [sample-dev template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/template/template/samples-dev) as reference and update the relevant information for your service such as package-name, sample code, description, etc. To learn more you could refer [the samples of MapsRouteClient here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/maps/maps-route-rest/samples-dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly encourage you to write some valid samples for your customer to get start your service with RLC. You may author TypeScript samples under the `samples-dev` folder. For quick start you can use [sample-dev template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/template/template/samples-dev) as reference and update the relevant information for your service such as package-name, sample code, description, etc. To learn more you could refer [the samples of MapsRouteClient here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/maps/maps-route-rest/samples-dev).
```
